define service{
host name 192.168.6.6-nagios server
service_description check-host-alive
check_command check-host-alive
check_period 24x7
max_check_attempts 1
normal_check_interval 1
retry_check_interval 1
contact_groups admins
notification_interval 10
notification_period 24x7
notification_options w,u,c,r
}
define service{
host name 192.168.6.6-nagios server
service_description check-host-alive
check_command check-host-alive
check_period 24x7
max_check_attempts 1
normal_check_interval 1
retry_check_interval 1
contact_groups admins
notification_interval 10
notification_period 24x7
notification_options w,u,c,r
}
define service{
host name 192.168.6.6-nagios server
service_description check-host-alive
check_command check-host-alive
check_period 24x7
max_check_attempts 1
normal_check_interval 1
retry_check_interval 1
contact_groups admins
notification_interval 10
notification_period 24x7
notification_options w,u,c,r
}

define service{
host name 192.168.6.6-nagios server
service_description check-host-alive
check_command check-host-alive
check_period 24x7
max_check_attempts 1
normal_check_interval 1
retry_check_interval 1
contact_groups admins
notification_interval 10
notification_period 24x7
notification_options w,u,c,r
}

define service{
host name 192.168.6.6-nagios server
service_description check-host-alive
check_command check-host-alive
check_period 24x7
max_check_attempts 1
normal_check_interval 1
retry_check_interval 1
contact_groups admins
notification_interval 10
notification_period 24x7
notification_options w,u,c,r
}

define service{
host name 192.168.6.6-nagios server
service_description check-host-alive
check_command check-host-alive
check_period 24x7
max_check_attempts 1
normal_check_interval 1
retry_check_interval 1
contact_groups admins
notification_interval 10
notification_period 24x7
notification_options w,u,c,r
}

